hi I'm Benny from appliance online and
today we're going to talk to you about
the freestanding samsung white
dishwasher it is made in thailand and
has a two-year warranty let's have a
look at the programs it has six wash
programs and you can touch and go
accordingly from your light loads all
the way to your heavy pots and pans you
can delay start if you wanted to to 24
hour delay start and also you have the
option of doing what's called a half
alone that indicates the lower baska
will be used by pressing it only the
bottom half will be used you turn that
off if you don't want to activate that
option we also have here what's called
the hygienic wash if you would like to
have a higher temperature wash towards
the end of your program and you also
have to indicate if you're using a
tablet instead of detergent or is that
too let's have a look inside shall we
what you'll find is your detergent unit
here you can put it up with our
detergent or a tablet and over you you
just need to fill up your rinse aid if
you want your glasses to be sparkling
clean let's have a look at the upper
basket shall we this one here is a
height-adjustable by pulling this you
can lift it up to whatever height you
that you would like and you also have a
cutlery tray on the left-hand side and
also spaces to put your wine glasses
however if you don't want to you can
always follow them back and you can put
your tall tumblers looking at the lower
tray here probably see is a cutlery
basket it has little spaces to put your
cutlery individually or you can actually
fold them up and bolts take them if you
wish and also the rec p.m. are foldable
to have bigger thicker plates if you
wanted to and it's also foldable on this
side as well if you want to put larger
pots or maybe perhaps lasagna dishes
that can accommodate for that too and
also what we find here three spray arms
in the Samsung dishwasher we have a
small one at the top one in the middle
and one at the bottom these three spray
ms work all together giving your dishes
a lot cleaner finish and also we have
the filtration system which is easy to
take out and clean and you need to give
it a bit of a wash once every probably a
week or two or 10 after wash and I'll
put that in there closing off the
dishwasher now we'll have a look at the
back and there are two poses that you
need one will be for the water for the
water inlet which is going to be
connected to a call tap and what you see
here is an anti-flag mechanism this will
cut off the main water supply if there's
a problem detected now also we have the
outlet hose which is also at the back
and that needs to be connected to the
back and this unit here will connect to
your normal turnout PowerPoint so then
we have the freestanding white samsung
dishwasher I hope you found this video
helpful when shopping with us here at
appliance online and please do not
forget to click on the subscribe button
to watch more product reviews just like
this one hi I'm Benny from appliances
online and today we're going to talk to
you about the Amelia freestanding
stainless steel dishwasher it has a
plastic fascia which is a lighter grey
turn to the stainless steel door and
this is fingerprint resistant as you can
see you have your on and off button here
on the left and that will turn on